* wiki link
  but it's in README.md 
  https://wiki.linuxfoundation.org/civilinfrastructureplatform/ciptestingboardatdesksingledevfeaturepage

* Mostly in issues

  Highlight some
  
* Thoughts on docker

  See the appropriate tickets for the current state #192, #197 and #198

* Populate script
  There's a script at https://gitlab.com/rajm/board-at-desk-single-dev/blob/boxPopulate/scripts/populate.sh
  which I use for the fortnightly provision check (#149). It carries out the tasks on the wiki downloading and building a BBB kernel and initramfs
  and sets off a health check on the BBB and QEMU. You need to visit http://localhost:8080 to check whether it has worked,
  as it just leaves the 2 health checks running. It could be used as a basis for other build scripts. Run it within the vm.

* Notifications
  - IRC pinging doesn't currently work on freenode because of spam prevention measures.
  - Agustín has the authorisation details for srv_ln001@codethink.co.uk which was used to
    email cip-testing-results.

* Box creation script

Instructions for creating and uploading box and associated files

Clone a new version of the repos and step through the setup on the wiki, cloning the linux-cip repos running a build. Configure the notification email smtp settings.

Run the webserver and check that the successful build is visible
Run a health check on a Beaglebone Black verify that it completes successfully - including a notification to the cip-testing-results list (or preferably to the box builder instead?).
Remove any local email settings from the box.
Remove any valid IRC handle /email address from the health checks notification.
On the VM, edit mybbb.dat to reset IP address to the default 'localhost' (thus matching the wiki instructions) - and add it in that state to the data dictionary. (to avoid a surprise for the user?)

sudo apt-get clean -y
sudo apt-get autoclean -y
cd git-repos/linux-cip
make clean
git clean -dfx
cd ~/work/busybox-1.26.2/
make clean

sudo dd if=/dev/zero of=/EMPTY bs=1M
sudo rm /EMPTY
Will also need to clear up ~/work for the initramfs build, and then on the host (in the git board-at-desk-single-dev directory)

for the release
vagrant package --output ../cip_board_at_desk_v0.9.n.box
for betas:
vagrant package --output ../cip_board_at_desk_v0.9.n.beta_YYYY_MM_DD.box 
(replacing YYYY-MM-DD with the box creation date aka ../cip_board_at_desk_v0.9.date +%Y_%m_%d.box as we will be losing the beta)

We will also need to generate a hash of the release and the source code and upload it all to the download area.

*Finally, * so that we can estimate for the release, we need an accurate record of how long the process takes including the complete upload to all required data to the website.
